Clarify Language Version Selection in Visual Studio Documentation. (#43565)
dotnet/docs: docs/csharp/language-reference/configure-language-version.md

>
> To know what language version you're currently using, put `#error version` (case sensitive) in your code. This makes the compiler report a compiler error, CS8304, with a message containing the compiler version being used and the current selected language version. See [#error (C# Reference)](preprocessor-directives.md#error-and-warning-information) for more information.

> ## Why can't I select a different C# version?

Reviewer: We prefer second person:

```suggestion
## Why you can't select a different C# version in Visual Studio
```

> In Visual Studio, the option to change the language version through the UI may be disabled because the default version is aligned with the project's target framework (`TFM`). This default configuration ensures compatibility between language features and runtime support.

Reviewer: grammar nit:

```suggestion
In Visual Studio, the option to change the language version through the UI might be disabled because the default version is aligned with the project's target framework (`TFM`). This default configuration ensures compatibility between language features and runtime support.
```
